hey guys i just thought i'd do video
since it's close to Christmas so yeah
this my christmas tree wide put that a
lil so we joy ratchet and clank glitches
part two yay look at the chair they've
also got the gold Devastator and a gold
mine hey let's go okay so this is the
sewers normally you'd have to swim under
there with all that stuff though what
you do is you come to this place and
turret through this it kind of hard but
it's possible
it's kind of better videos
Oh cardiff is awesome okay going to be
that will help you so might go try to
place one like right here at
about you so you can use that one to
help you born
huh no please get it nobody
don't be this way
we met please
no no
karate for you
don't do this to me yeah
you
the script is not
yes I did ok then you'll be through the
wall
you can swim here and you can stand on
these parts and if you go in this part
you can swim in the air
see
so that's pretty cool you can explore
places and stuff swam a house over there
till heaven and if you go through this
wall then you skip that it's kind of
hard to do so put on our glitch dope I
wouldn't recommend using it for
speedruns but if you get good at it then
you can the only bad thing is that you
cannot go back so because it's kind of
really hard to find this thing because
it's so skinny it's almost impossible so
next one second places I mean the second
which is on the lantus Orbis on Kinloch
base set the place the first turret land
first hurt man would be in there yeah
and the hell attack hey
okay you need a hella pack and you
probably know that if you try and climb
this you can't but what you need to do
to be able to climb that it's to catch
on this little part break right here
catch on that part not to start up
suitcase
it's kind of hard
like that oh sorry and you're up here
yay and if you welcome this you slide
off and this kind of like you off to
this and pull you can see all of these
green
and stuff over there isn't solid I mean
it slides off and there's an invisible
wall over there someone recommend goes
over there or you can go please get your
dose per pack and wrench climb up here
and you'll be up here you can jump from
all these things I don't think over I
think over there will slide you off so i
wouldn't recommend going there but you
can go down there if you want to skip a
little a level i guess i'll do that and
then you'll be in this area
the music receptor Thanks that took
their lever is called playing it's
called Eclipse actually
but you can explore a lot with that
glitch and I think that's pretty cool
and I do believe I found loaded these
glitches so and you could skip that do
occur that the crypto locks on the very
beginning where I told you the first
turret man was there yeah you can skip
that by using that glitch and just jump
in behind the wall so yeah I hope you
enjoyed this video bye